README.md, before:

What's [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com)?
================
> LeetCode OJ is a platform for preparing technical coding interviews. Pick from an expanding library of more than 190 questions, code and submit your solution to see if you have solved it correctly. It is that easy!

Problems and Solutions
============================
| # | Title | Difficulty |
|---|-------|------------|
| 1 | [Two Sum](Algorithms/TwoSum/twoSum.cc)  | Medium |
| 2 | [Add Two Numbers](Algorithms/addTwoNumbers/addTwoNumbers.cc)  | Medium |
| 3 | Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters  | Medium |
| 4 | Median of Two Sorted Arrays  | Hard |
| 5 | Longest Palindromic Substring  | Medium |
| 6 | ZigZag Conversion  | Easy |
| 7 | Reverse Integer  | Easy |
| 8 | String to Integer (atoi)  | Easy |
| 9 | Palindrome Number  | Easy |
| 10 | Regular Expression Matching  | Hard |
| 11 | Container With Most Water  | Medium |
| 12 | Integer to Roman  | Medium |
| 13 | Roman to Integer  | Easy |
| 14 | Longest Common Prefix  | Easy |
| 15 | 3Sum  | Medium |
| 16 | 3Sum Closest  | Medium |
| 17 | Letter Combinations of a Phone Number  | Medium |
| 18 | 4Sum  | Medium |
| 19 | Remove Nth Node From End of List  | Easy |
| 20 | Valid Parentheses  | Easy |
| 21 | Merge Two Sorted Lists  | Easy |
| 22 | Generate Parentheses  | Medium |
| 23 | Merge k Sorted Lists  | Hard |
| 24 | Swap Nodes in Pairs  | Medium |
| 25 | Reverse Nodes in k-Group  | Hard |
| 26 | Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array  | Easy |
| 27 | Remove Element  | Easy |
| 28 | Implement strStr()  | Easy |
| 29 | Divide Two Integers  | Medium |
| 30 | Substring with Concatenation of All Words  | Hard |
| 31 | Next Permutation  | Medium |
| 32 | Longest Valid Parentheses  | Hard |
| 33 | Search in Rotated Sorted Array  | Hard |
| 34 | Search for a Range  | Medium |
| 35 | Search Insert Position  | Medium |
| 36 | Valid Sudoku  | Easy |
| 37 | Sudoku Solver  | Hard |
| 38 | Count and Say  | Easy |
| 39 | Combination Sum  | Medium |
| 40 | Combination Sum II  | Medium |
| 41 | First Missing Positive  | Hard |
| 42 | Trapping Rain Water  | Hard |
| 43 | Multiply Strings  | Medium |
| 44 | Wildcard Matching  | Hard |
| 45 | Jump Game II  | Hard |
| 46 | Permutations  | Medium |
| 47 | Permutations II  | Hard |
| 48 | Rotate Image  | Medium |
| 49 | Anagrams  | Medium |
| 50 | Pow(x, n)  | Medium |
| 51 | N-Queens  | Hard |
| 52 | N-Queens II  | Hard |
| 53 | Maximum Subarray  | Medium |
| 54 | Spiral Matrix  | Medium |
| 55 | Jump Game  | Medium |
| 56 | Merge Intervals  | Hard |
| 57 | Insert Interval  | Hard |
| 58 | Length of Last Word  | Easy |
| 59 | Spiral Matrix II  | Medium |
| 60 | Permutation Sequence  | Medium |
| 61 | Rotate List  | Medium |
| 62 | Unique Paths  | Medium |
| 63 | Unique Paths II  | Medium |
| 64 | Minimum Path Sum  | Medium |
| 65 | Valid Number  | Hard |
| 66 | Plus One  | Easy |
| 67 | Add Binary  | Easy |
| 68 | Text Justification  | Hard |
| 69 | Sqrt(x)  | Medium |
| 70 | Climbing Stairs  | Easy |
| 71 | Simplify Path  | Medium |
| 72 | Edit Distance  | Hard |
| 73 | Set Matrix Zeroes  | Medium |
| 74 | Search a 2D Matrix  | Medium |
| 75 | Sort Colors  | Medium |
| 76 | Minimum Window Substring  | Hard |
| 77 | Combinations  | Medium |
| 78 | Subsets  | Medium |
| 79 | Word Search  | Medium |
| 80 | Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array II  | Medium |
| 81 | Search in Rotated Sorted Array II  | Medium |
| 82 | Remove Duplicates from Sorted List II  | Medium |
| 83 | Remove Duplicates from Sorted List  | Easy |
| 84 | Largest Rectangle in Histogram  | Hard |
| 85 | Maximal Rectangle  | Hard |
| 86 | Partition List  | Medium |
| 87 | Scramble String  | Hard |
| 88 | Merge Sorted Array  | Easy |
| 89 | Gray Code  | Medium |
| 90 | Subsets II  | Medium |
| 91 | Decode Ways  | Medium |
| 92 | Reverse Linked List II  | Medium |
| 93 | Restore IP Addresses  | Medium |
| 94 | Binary Tree Inorder Traversal  | Medium |
| 95 | Unique Binary Search Trees II  | Medium |
| 96 | Unique Binary Search Trees  | Medium |
| 97 | Interleaving String  | Hard |
| 98 | Validate Binary Search Tree  | Medium |
| 99 | Recover Binary Search Tree  | Hard |
| 100 | Same Tree  | Easy |
| 101 | Symmetric Tree  | Easy |
| 102 | Binary Tree Level Order Traversal  | Easy |
| 103 | Binary Tree Zigzag Level Order Traversal  | Medium |
| 104 | Maximum Depth of Binary Tree  | Easy |
| 105 | Construct Binary Tree from Preorder and Inorder Traversal  | Medium |
| 106 | Construct Binary Tree from Inorder and Postorder Traversal  | Medium |
| 107 | Binary Tree Level Order Traversal II  | Easy |
| 108 | Convert Sorted Array to Binary Search Tree  | Medium |
| 109 | Convert Sorted List to Binary Search Tree  | Medium |
| 110 | Balanced Binary Tree  | Easy |
| 111 | Minimum Depth of Binary Tree  | Easy |
| 112 | Path Sum  | Easy |
| 113 | Path Sum II  | Medium |
| 114 | Flatten Binary Tree to Linked List  | Medium |
| 115 | Distinct Subsequences  | Hard |
| 116 | Populating Next Right Pointers in Each Node  | Medium |
| 117 | Populating Next Right Pointers in Each Node II  | Hard |
| 118 | Pascal's Triangle  | Easy |
| 119 | Pascal's Triangle II  | Easy |
| 120 | Triangle  | Medium |
| 121 | Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock  | Medium |
| 122 | Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock II  | Medium |
| 123 | Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock III  | Hard |
| 124 | Binary Tree Maximum Path Sum  | Hard |
| 125 | Valid Palindrome  | Easy |
| 126 | Word Ladder II  | Hard |
| 127 | Word Ladder  | Medium |
| 128 | Longest Consecutive Sequence  | Hard |
| 129 | Sum Root to Leaf Numbers  | Medium |
| 130 | Surrounded Regions  | Medium |
| 131 | Palindrome Partitioning  | Medium |
| 132 | Palindrome Partitioning II  | Hard |
| 133 | Clone Graph  | Medium |
| 134 | Gas Station  | Medium |
| 135 | Candy  | Hard |
| 136 | Single Number  | Medium |
| 137 | Single Number II  | Medium |
| 138 | Copy List with Random Pointer  | Hard |
| 139 | Word Break  | Medium |
| 140 | Word Break II  | Hard |
| 141 | Linked List Cycle  | Medium |
| 142 | Linked List Cycle II  | Medium |
| 143 | Reorder List  | Medium |
| 144 | Binary Tree Preorder Traversal  | Medium |
| 145 | Binary Tree Postorder Traversal  | Hard |
| 146 | LRU Cache  | Hard |
| 147 | Insertion Sort List  | Medium |
| 148 | Sort List  | Medium |
| 149 | Max Points on a Line  | Hard |
| 150 | Evaluate Reverse Polish Notation  | Medium |
| 151 | Reverse Words in a String  | Medium |
| 152 | Maximum Product Subarray  | Medium |
| 153 | Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted Array  | Medium |
| 154 | Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted Array II  | Hard |
| 155 | Min Stack  | Easy |
| 156 | Binary Tree Upside Down  | Medium |
| 157 | Read N Characters Given Read4  | Easy |
| 158 | Read N Characters Given Read4 II - Call multiple times  | Hard |
| 159 | Longest Substring with At Most Two Distinct Characters  | Hard |
| 160 | Intersection of Two Linked Lists  | Easy |
| 161 | One Edit Distance  | Medium |
| 162 | Find Peak Element  | Medium |
| 163 | Missing Ranges  | Medium |
| 164 | Maximum Gap  | Hard |
| 165 | Compare Version Numbers  | Easy |
| 166 | Fraction to Recurring Decimal  | Medium |
| 167 | Two Sum II - Input array is sorted  | Medium |
| 168 | Excel Sheet Column Title  | Easy |
| 169 | Majority Element  | Easy |
| 170 | Two Sum III - Data structure design  | Easy |
| 171 | Excel Sheet Column Number  | Easy |
| 172 | Factorial Trailing Zeroes  | Easy |
| 173 | Binary Search Tree Iterator  | Medium |
| 174 | Dungeon Game  | Hard |
| 179 | Largest Number  | Medium |
| 186 | Reverse Words in a String II  | Medium |
| 187 | Repeated DNA Sequences  | Medium |
| 188 | Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock IV  | Hard |
| 189 | Rotate Array  | Easy |
| 190 | Reverse Bits  | Easy |
| 191 | Number of 1 Bits  | Easy |
| 198 | House Robber  | Easy |
| 199 | Binary Tree Right Side View  | Medium |
| 200 | Number of Islands  | Medium |
| 201 | Bitwise AND of Numbers Range  | Medium |
| 202 | Happy Number  | Easy |
| 203 | Remove Linked List Elements  | Easy |
| 204 | Count Primes  | Easy |
| 205 | Isomorphic Strings  | Easy |
| 206 | Reverse Linked List  | Easy |
| 207 | Course Schedule  | Medium |
| 208 | Implement Trie (Prefix Tree)  | Medium |
| 209 | Minimum Size Subarray Sum  | Medium |
| 210 | Course Schedule II  | Medium |
| 211 | Add and Search Word - Data structure design  | Medium |
| 212 | Word Search II  | Hard |
| 213 | House Robber II  | Medium |
| 214 | Shortest Palindrome  | Hard |
| 215 | Kth Largest Element in an Array  | Medium |
| 216 | Combination Sum III  | Medium |
| 217 | Contains Duplicate  | Easy |
| 218 | The Skyline Problem  | Hard |

Commit message:

add some line notice to readme

README.md, after:

What's [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com)?
================
from [leetcode.com](https://leetcode.com):
> LeetCode OJ is a platform for preparing technical coding interviews. Pick from an expanding library of more than 190 questions, code and submit your solution to see if you have solved it correctly. It is that easy!

Solutions
============================
Here's my solutions of leetcode problems, and I'll keep it up to date.
If you have any ideas about my solution, welcome to post a comment.

| # | Title | Difficulty |
|---|-------|------------|
| 1 | [Two Sum](Algorithms/TwoSum/twoSum.cc)  | Medium |
| 2 | [Add Two Numbers](Algorithms/addTwoNumbers/addTwoNumbers.cc)  | Medium |
| 3 | Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters  | Medium |
| 4 | Median of Two Sorted Arrays  | Hard |
| 5 | Longest Palindromic Substring  | Medium |
| 6 | ZigZag Conversion  | Easy |
| 7 | Reverse Integer  | Easy |
| 8 | String to Integer (atoi)  | Easy |
| 9 | Palindrome Number  | Easy |
| 10 | Regular Expression Matching  | Hard |
| 11 | Container With Most Water  | Medium |
| 12 | Integer to Roman  | Medium |
| 13 | Roman to Integer  | Easy |
| 14 | Longest Common Prefix  | Easy |
| 15 | 3Sum  | Medium |
| 16 | 3Sum Closest  | Medium |
| 17 | Letter Combinations of a Phone Number  | Medium |
| 18 | 4Sum  | Medium |
| 19 | Remove Nth Node From End of List  | Easy |
| 20 | Valid Parentheses  | Easy |
| 21 | Merge Two Sorted Lists  | Easy |
| 22 | Generate Parentheses  | Medium |
| 23 | Merge k Sorted Lists  | Hard |
| 24 | Swap Nodes in Pairs  | Medium |
| 25 | Reverse Nodes in k-Group  | Hard |
| 26 | Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array  | Easy |
| 27 | Remove Element  | Easy |
| 28 | Implement strStr()  | Easy |
| 29 | Divide Two Integers  | Medium |
| 30 | Substring with Concatenation of All Words  | Hard |
| 31 | Next Permutation  | Medium |
| 32 | Longest Valid Parentheses  | Hard |
| 33 | Search in Rotated Sorted Array  | Hard |
| 34 | Search for a Range  | Medium |
| 35 | Search Insert Position  | Medium |
| 36 | Valid Sudoku  | Easy |
| 37 | Sudoku Solver  | Hard |
| 38 | Count and Say  | Easy |
| 39 | Combination Sum  | Medium |
| 40 | Combination Sum II  | Medium |
| 41 | First Missing Positive  | Hard |
| 42 | Trapping Rain Water  | Hard |
| 43 | Multiply Strings  | Medium |
| 44 | Wildcard Matching  | Hard |
| 45 | Jump Game II  | Hard |
| 46 | Permutations  | Medium |
| 47 | Permutations II  | Hard |
| 48 | Rotate Image  | Medium |
| 49 | Anagrams  | Medium |
| 50 | Pow(x, n)  | Medium |
| 51 | N-Queens  | Hard |
| 52 | N-Queens II  | Hard |
| 53 | Maximum Subarray  | Medium |
| 54 | Spiral Matrix  | Medium |
| 55 | Jump Game  | Medium |
| 56 | Merge Intervals  | Hard |
| 57 | Insert Interval  | Hard |
| 58 | Length of Last Word  | Easy |
| 59 | Spiral Matrix II  | Medium |
| 60 | Permutation Sequence  | Medium |
| 61 | Rotate List  | Medium |
| 62 | Unique Paths  | Medium |
| 63 | Unique Paths II  | Medium |
| 64 | Minimum Path Sum  | Medium |
| 65 | Valid Number  | Hard |
| 66 | Plus One  | Easy |
| 67 | Add Binary  | Easy |
| 68 | Text Justification  | Hard |
| 69 | Sqrt(x)  | Medium |
| 70 | Climbing Stairs  | Easy |
| 71 | Simplify Path  | Medium |
| 72 | Edit Distance  | Hard |
| 73 | Set Matrix Zeroes  | Medium |
| 74 | Search a 2D Matrix  | Medium |
| 75 | Sort Colors  | Medium |
| 76 | Minimum Window Substring  | Hard |
| 77 | Combinations  | Medium |
| 78 | Subsets  | Medium |
| 79 | Word Search  | Medium |
| 80 | Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array II  | Medium |
| 81 | Search in Rotated Sorted Array II  | Medium |
| 82 | Remove Duplicates from Sorted List II  | Medium |
| 83 | Remove Duplicates from Sorted List  | Easy |
| 84 | Largest Rectangle in Histogram  | Hard |
| 85 | Maximal Rectangle  | Hard |
| 86 | Partition List  | Medium |
| 87 | Scramble String  | Hard |
| 88 | Merge Sorted Array  | Easy |
| 89 | Gray Code  | Medium |
| 90 | Subsets II  | Medium |
| 91 | Decode Ways  | Medium |
| 92 | Reverse Linked List II  | Medium |
| 93 | Restore IP Addresses  | Medium |
| 94 | Binary Tree Inorder Traversal  | Medium |
| 95 | Unique Binary Search Trees II  | Medium |
| 96 | Unique Binary Search Trees  | Medium |
| 97 | Interleaving String  | Hard |
| 98 | Validate Binary Search Tree  | Medium |
| 99 | Recover Binary Search Tree  | Hard |
| 100 | Same Tree  | Easy |
| 101 | Symmetric Tree  | Easy |
| 102 | Binary Tree Level Order Traversal  | Easy |
| 103 | Binary Tree Zigzag Level Order Traversal  | Medium |
| 104 | Maximum Depth of Binary Tree  | Easy |
| 105 | Construct Binary Tree from Preorder and Inorder Traversal  | Medium |
| 106 | Construct Binary Tree from Inorder and Postorder Traversal  | Medium |
| 107 | Binary Tree Level Order Traversal II  | Easy |
| 108 | Convert Sorted Array to Binary Search Tree  | Medium |
| 109 | Convert Sorted List to Binary Search Tree  | Medium |
| 110 | Balanced Binary Tree  | Easy |
| 111 | Minimum Depth of Binary Tree  | Easy |
| 112 | Path Sum  | Easy |
| 113 | Path Sum II  | Medium |
| 114 | Flatten Binary Tree to Linked List  | Medium |
| 115 | Distinct Subsequences  | Hard |
| 116 | Populating Next Right Pointers in Each Node  | Medium |
| 117 | Populating Next Right Pointers in Each Node II  | Hard |
| 118 | Pascal's Triangle  | Easy |
| 119 | Pascal's Triangle II  | Easy |
| 120 | Triangle  | Medium |
| 121 | Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock  | Medium |
| 122 | Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock II  | Medium |
| 123 | Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock III  | Hard |
| 124 | Binary Tree Maximum Path Sum  | Hard |
| 125 | Valid Palindrome  | Easy |
| 126 | Word Ladder II  | Hard |
| 127 | Word Ladder  | Medium |
| 128 | Longest Consecutive Sequence  | Hard |
| 129 | Sum Root to Leaf Numbers  | Medium |
| 130 | Surrounded Regions  | Medium |
| 131 | Palindrome Partitioning  | Medium |
| 132 | Palindrome Partitioning II  | Hard |
| 133 | Clone Graph  | Medium |
| 134 | Gas Station  | Medium |
| 135 | Candy  | Hard |
| 136 | Single Number  | Medium |
| 137 | Single Number II  | Medium |
| 138 | Copy List with Random Pointer  | Hard |
| 139 | Word Break  | Medium |
| 140 | Word Break II  | Hard |
| 141 | Linked List Cycle  | Medium |
| 142 | Linked List Cycle II  | Medium |
| 143 | Reorder List  | Medium |
| 144 | Binary Tree Preorder Traversal  | Medium |
| 145 | Binary Tree Postorder Traversal  | Hard |
| 146 | LRU Cache  | Hard |
| 147 | Insertion Sort List  | Medium |
| 148 | Sort List  | Medium |
| 149 | Max Points on a Line  | Hard |
| 150 | Evaluate Reverse Polish Notation  | Medium |
| 151 | Reverse Words in a String  | Medium |
| 152 | Maximum Product Subarray  | Medium |
| 153 | Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted Array  | Medium |
| 154 | Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted Array II  | Hard |
| 155 | Min Stack  | Easy |
| 156 | Binary Tree Upside Down  | Medium |
| 157 | Read N Characters Given Read4  | Easy |
| 158 | Read N Characters Given Read4 II - Call multiple times  | Hard |
| 159 | Longest Substring with At Most Two Distinct Characters  | Hard |
| 160 | Intersection of Two Linked Lists  | Easy |
| 161 | One Edit Distance  | Medium |
| 162 | Find Peak Element  | Medium |
| 163 | Missing Ranges  | Medium |
| 164 | Maximum Gap  | Hard |
| 165 | Compare Version Numbers  | Easy |
| 166 | Fraction to Recurring Decimal  | Medium |
| 167 | Two Sum II - Input array is sorted  | Medium |
| 168 | Excel Sheet Column Title  | Easy |
| 169 | Majority Element  | Easy |
| 170 | Two Sum III - Data structure design  | Easy |
| 171 | Excel Sheet Column Number  | Easy |
| 172 | Factorial Trailing Zeroes  | Easy |
| 173 | Binary Search Tree Iterator  | Medium |
| 174 | Dungeon Game  | Hard |
| 179 | Largest Number  | Medium |
| 186 | Reverse Words in a String II  | Medium |
| 187 | Repeated DNA Sequences  | Medium |
| 188 | Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock IV  | Hard |
| 189 | Rotate Array  | Easy |
| 190 | Reverse Bits  | Easy |
| 191 | Number of 1 Bits  | Easy |
| 198 | House Robber  | Easy |
| 199 | Binary Tree Right Side View  | Medium |
| 200 | Number of Islands  | Medium |
| 201 | Bitwise AND of Numbers Range  | Medium |
| 202 | Happy Number  | Easy |
| 203 | Remove Linked List Elements  | Easy |
| 204 | Count Primes  | Easy |
| 205 | Isomorphic Strings  | Easy |
| 206 | Reverse Linked List  | Easy |
| 207 | Course Schedule  | Medium |
| 208 | Implement Trie (Prefix Tree)  | Medium |
| 209 | Minimum Size Subarray Sum  | Medium |
| 210 | Course Schedule II  | Medium |
| 211 | Add and Search Word - Data structure design  | Medium |
| 212 | Word Search II  | Hard |
| 213 | House Robber II  | Medium |
| 214 | Shortest Palindrome  | Hard |
| 215 | Kth Largest Element in an Array  | Medium |
| 216 | Combination Sum III  | Medium |
| 217 | Contains Duplicate  | Easy |
| 218 | The Skyline Problem  | Hard |



----------
**Notice: by xu(<xusiwei1236@163.com)>, all right reserved.**
